# CS210

# Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.
  In this project we were to create a menu that the user can interact with which would have different functionalities. It was suppose to be able to information from a text file and based on user input it was suppose to print the item the user searched for along with how frequent it appeared on the list, it was also suppose to print every item on the list and with how frequent the appeared on the list, finally it was also suppose to print a histogram of the items and their frequency.Also it was suppose to create a new dat file that holds every item with their frequency. 
# What did you do particularly well?
I think I was able to organize my code very well in a way that made some sense. It was broken up into very understable sections, I had my section where I define my classes, a section where my datafile and outfile where opened and closed, and section for my menu where cases called functions, and a section where my functions were created.
# Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvement make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?
  I think  something that could enhance my code and make it easier to user was not making the user input case sensitive an issue that I noticed when chosing the 1st option is if the user typed "garlic" instead of "Garlic" the system would not find the item since the list had the items capitalized so I would fix that the next time.

# Which piece of code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network?
  My problem was creating the feature to write a new dat file with the items and frequency.Initially what I did was include it in the main() part of the code but when I did that it would not compile correctly or the file would end up empty but after looking at my previous projects I instead tried to just add it after the initial opening of the text file provided and remembered to include open and close outfile and that seemed to fix the problem.
  
# What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work? How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
  I think just getting more confortable in writing code with OOP before I wouldnt really see the point of using private and public classes but as I use it more I understand that while with smaller projects it might not seem so useful if it was to be scaled alot bigger then using classes would be way more inportant to make code neater and not as confusing. Also using the classes to later call those function in the code made it easier for readability for example in my code case 1 would call searchItem() and later in the code I wrote out the function for searchItem() but if I just include it in case 1 it would make it a little more confusing as the sections have a lot going on and I might run into some recursion problems since some of the functions use if/else statements and I might forget where to implement a break statement.
